# TOAST UI CodeSnippet v2.0 Migration Guide

## Install

The v2.0 should be installed using the `npm` command. CodeSnippet does not support bower and CDN anymore.

``` sh
$ npm install --save tui-code-snippet
```

## Usage

The v2.0 supports importing a single function, so you can import only functions that you need.

```javascript
var func = require('tui-code-snippet/<folder>/<function>');

// for example,
var inArray = require('tui-code-snippet/array/inArray');
var customEvents = require('tui-code-snippet/customEvents/customEvents');
```

The folder structure can be found [here](https://github.com/nhn/tui.code-snippet/tree/production).

### Bundle

Since v2.0, it does not provide bundle files. If you need a bundle file, you should make it yourself using the command `npm run bundle`.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/nhn/tui.code-snippet.git
$ cd tui.code-snippet
$ npm install
$ npm run bundle
```

After executing `npm run bundle`, the uncompressed(`tui-code-snippet.js`) and minified(`tui-code-snippet.min.js`) files are created in the `dist` folder.

```
tui.code-snippet/
├─ dist
│  ├─ tui-code-snippet.js
│  ├─ tui-code-snippet.min.js
├─ ...
```

The entry file is `index.js`. When you do not modify `index.js`, all methods of tui.code-snippet will be included in the bundle file. To bundle the methods you need, remove other methods in the entry file.

```javascript
// index.js
// for example, you need inArray, forEach and isArray methods only.
require('./array/inArray');
require('./collection/forEach');
require('./type/isArray');
```

## Changes

Several functions are added and deprecated in v2.0. 

### Added functions

The v2.0 is combined with [tui.dom](https://github.com/nhn/tui.dom), so `domEvent` and `domUtil` functions are added.

* [domEvent](https://nhn.github.io/tui.code-snippet/latest/domEvent)
  * on
  * once
  * off
  * getMouseButton
  * getMousePosition
  * getTarget
  * stopPropagation
  * preventDefault
* [domUtil](https://nhn.github.io/tui.code-snippet/latest/domUtil)
  * css
  * getClass
  * hasClass
  * addClass
  * toggleClass
  * removeClass
  * setData
  * getData
  * removeData
  * removeElement
  * matches
  * closest
  * disableTextSelection
  * enableTextSelection

### Deprecated functions

From v2.0, the below functions are not provided anymore.

* map
* reduce
* filter
* defineModule
* defineNamespace
* ExMap
* bind
* HashMap
* Map
* stamp
* hasStamp
* resetLastId
* keys
* compareJSON
* isSameObject
* hasEncodableString
* getDuplicatedChar
* timestamp
* Popup